we can start now
hello and welcome to the new
video we probably already in the title
read it today is about the things
you do not do in speed dating
I should not have been one
speed dating but of course i know
It's not perfect for me
maybe I just apologize've
a real whistle at the start and
now there is no rent to pay
still best first a salary away
and then we can talk people too
Just make sure you're there
top please do not you have anyone
continue
but i am not a human i am
just wish for cobalt I am
caught in this body hey if you
can want me right after my
mother who makes you into the world of you
just eat
I like to play with mine
cats I have concerns then so is
I'm just a prison
come out this morning completely new
In any case, I still want freedom
No volume could I possibly because
they are hiding
so if you want you can go directly
to know all my friends
all of which have brought them are
in the back I do videos on the internet me
have now considered whether I mine
children's room blue or underline
should
what do you say maybe you are
both good and now of age early
Maybe I would have a quick one
couple of questions i would say
are going on right away what are yours
Qualities in the household I 've heard
somehow you have to control less
pay if you get married or something
hesse of the idea if everything goes well
then in two years I have my abi in
the pocket
how old I would have been 34 same question
you mind and later mine
share toothbrush well invite new
here either you come with me method
You make the departure at the state
then maybe spend a mine
pocket it again away third
ask how do you stand to children
what is going on now why are you standing
then it does not work on small cuts
at his talk to me
Did you ever climb it smells it
later we arrive go climb a
complete how long takes one here
Round you excuse me briefly
Sorry I'm always very thirsty
but I think you have a lot again
learned from this video
I hope we they left that again
bye bye